Xiaoye, how long have you been invited?
Grandpa Jiang
Isn't it too much for you to say that?
Mr. Ye
Oh, good news! Good news!
What good news has excited you so much?
Do you know?
Those Lu Ding we bought before
From the original 6,000 tons
It has risen to 16,000 a ton now
Twice as much.
Go crazy
So soon?
Raw materials from the past
It didn't grow so fast, did it?
Oops, my dad analyzes it
It should be that we stocked up a lot before.
As a result, the stability on the market is already reduced
Prices are turning faster
It turned out that I flapped my wings myself
Mr. Ye, my father asked me to ask you?
Shall we sell it now?
The price outside has been relatively stable.
That's it.
Bought it all
I'll go back and tell him
And?
The female security guard you asked me to find before has been found
So soon oops
I'll bring it over another day for you to see.
Ok ok hey